hey guys sorry it's in a while I know
it's been two weeks but like my
internet's been gone really really
really really busy I'm kind of sick he
could tell my voice and everything
everything busy amanda has been shut off
for a while that's why they couldn't
make any videos right now with my
grandma's house using her internet like
i'll be making like it's gonna be really
hard for me to finish the de agostini um
you know review for like l will be will
do it for maybe like for maybe another
week because because my laptop there's
no internet on my laptop but my desktop
I just got internet in it but in this
video i just want to show off something
that I got at the atom in New Jersey a
dragon ball kai card gemonese and stuff
I don't know what it says because it's
all Japanese um so I'm going to show you
it right here pick a little card I got
it Adam um myth Mitsuo right to UM sooo
yeah yeah me too i'm pretty sure a
market I'm jersey in the summer but um
yeah it's a dragon ball kai card it's a
Japanese don't know what it says as no
it's piccolo and I came in like it a
little pack like it was just his card
and he cabled like a candy in it I got a
jogger ball candy like it wasn't coming
but the main thing about this is that i
got it signed um there's only thing i
had with me at the time so i had to look
at this sign because the only thing I
had a piccolo and my purse are having to
have this card in my purse I was really
lucky oh my god signed by scott mcneil
the first voice of on piccolo in the US
you know when it just came here it is
his signature scott mcneil pretty cool
and met him he's a really awesome guy
really awesome guy i met him mr. carton
and my
me here in Florida we signed it and it's
all Japanese I have no idea what it says
if you guys know Japanese shouldn't
probably tell me it's pretty cool I've
gone I have quite a few things sided by
a few or factors that I've met and
Madame you know her songs karmic to
scott mcneil bryan durman Vic and that
um Kyle habere other thing that's pretty
much it adding those no one was I met
but it was also when I met for interment
cuz he's like the original silver 9000
and he saw my by Regina poster he puts
over 9000 and so coy random enemy next
in New Jersey and stomach Neal here
miami and i met I'm s Vic at animenext
as well April Kakarot on my prolly
poster and I also met on and that it's
called I'll Kyle habere anime next to
any side might bite um that go hard
figures because he makes a voice of the
teen although go home it was pretty
awesome about two figures time I am and
I love meeting voice actors are so cool
i like to show you a whore video all the
stuff i have signed by voice actors it
was the only thing I had with me right
now I want to show you because i made a
video in the wall type so i really
wanted to do something pretty cool hey
guys tell me what I'm Dragonball voice
actors have you met have you got to meet
because my friend Matt um I'll chris
abbott and that's nothing it's pretty
awesome but yeah i just want to show you
this I pick a little car kinda sign I
want to tell you a little the people
that I met the voice actors oh I hope to
be I hope I make a video really suit
because I notes in a long time and I
what you guys got worried it doesn't
have an internet been really busy got
sick and yeah it's I hope I could make
an old suit but a might not like i said
i might not be a Degas d aguas de parte
3 review probably were you in a
different figure but anyway okay then
i'll have my next review guys I'll see
you peace